docs: enhance rspack-start (#3720)
web-infra-dev/modern.js: packages/document/builder-doc/docs/en/guide/advanced/rspack-start.mdx

| Babel Plugin                                    | Rspack Configuration                                                                      | Builder Configuration                                                                                                        |
| ----------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| @babel/preset-env                               | [builtins.presetEnv](https://www.rspack.dev/config/builtins.html#builtinspresetenv)       | [Browserslist](/guide/advanced/browserslist.html)、<br />[Browser Compatibility](/guide/advanced/browser-compatibility.html) |
| @babel/preset-react                             | [builtins.react](https://www.rspack.dev/config/builtins.html#builtinsreact)               | [Hot Module Replacement](/guide/advanced/hmr.html)                                                                           |

> | @emotion/babel-plugin                           | [builtins.emotion](https://www.rspack.dev/config/builtins.html#builtinsemotion)           | none                                                                                                                         |

Author: ```suggestion
| @emotion/babel-plugin                           | [builtins.emotion](https://www.rspack.dev/config/builtins.html#builtinsemotion)           | Not supported                                                                                                                         |
```

| babel-plugin-import                             | [builtins.pluginImport](https://www.rspack.dev/config/builtins.html#builtinspluginimport) | [source.transformImport](/api/config-source.html#sourcetransformimport)                                                      |

> | babel-plugin-lodash                             | none                                                                                      | none                                                                                                                         |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| babel-plugin-lodash                             | Not supported                                                                                      | Not supported                                                                                                                         |
```

> | babel-plugin-styled-components                  | none                                                                                      | none                                                                                                                         |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| babel-plugin-styled-components                  | Not supported                                                                                      | Not supported                                                                                                                         |
```

> | @babel/plugin-react-transform-remove-prop-types | none                                                                                      | none                                                                                                                         |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| @babel/plugin-react-transform-remove-prop-types | Not supported                                                                                      | Not supported                                                                                                                         |
```

:::Tip
When using Rspack for building, you can still configure Babel plugins through [tools.babel](/api/config-tools.html#toolsbabel), but this will result in additional compilation overhead, which may slow down the Rspack build to some extent.
:::

### 5. SWC Configuration Support

Rspack has built-in support for some swc configurations, such as builtins.react, which can be referred to in [Builtins](https://www.rspack.dev/config/builtins.html).

Adding swc plugins and more custom configurations is not currently supported in Rspack. Relevant requirements can be tracked through the corresponding [issue](https://github.com/web-infra-dev/rspack/issues/3067).

### 6. Webpack Plugin Migration

Currently, only a limited number of webpack plugins are compatible with Rspack.

> If you have the following plugins (or indirect dependencies) in your project, you need to be temporarily removed or alternative solutions need to be used, otherwise switching to Rspack for building is not supported:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using the following plugins (or indirect dependencies) in your project, you will need to temporarily remove them or use alternative solutions, otherwise you won't be able to switch to the Rspack build:
```
